+++
title = "Habs delegates at RRSIMUN"
date = 2025-10-22T00:00:00Z
draft = false
description = "Habs Elstree students attend Royal Russell School's international Model United Nations conference."
image = "static/images/habs_rrsimun.jpeg"
+++

**This year, Habs Elstree sent 25 delegates to Royal Russell School's international Model United Nations conference.**

In October, three Habs Elstree delegations took part in the Royal Russell Model United Nations Conference 2025. It is one of the largest and longest-running student diplomacy events in the UK. The conference brought together hundreds of young people from schools across the world, all gathering to discuss some of the world’s most pressing global issues.

Our school represented the countries of Zimbabwe, Panama, and Argentina, taking part in a variety of debates and discussions throughout the four-day event.

This year’s RRSIMUN covered a wide range of global issues from conflict and peacekeeping to the environment, technology, and human rights. Some of the debates touched on subjects such as:

- AI and cyber threats.
- Climate change and the need for fair, sustainable development.
- Human rights in areas affected by conflict, censorship, or inequality.
- International trade and debt — how developing nations can grow without being held back by financial burdens.
- New and emerging issues like the use of private military companies, or the future of space exploration.

These are topics that dominate real-world headlines, and the conference gave us the chance to explore them from different perspectives.

For many younger students, it was their first time taking part in an external MUN conference. They came away with many new skills including stronger public speaking skills, a deeper understanding of world affairs, teamwork and diplomacy.

The Habs delegation also had plenty of fun outside of the committee rooms, taking part in the conference’s lively social events. From the themed discos to shared mealtimes, we enjoyed meeting delegates from across the UK and around the world.

A huge congratulations to Yanxi Jin (Year 12) and Lucas Argent (Year 12) for receiving Distinguished Delegate Awards, recognising their outstanding contributions and diplomacy throughout the conference.

Overall, the Royal Russell MUN 2025 was a rewarding experience, and we look forward to returning next year even stronger!

— *Shakir Moledina (Year 12) | Delegate of Zimbabwe, SOCHUM 1*
