+++
title = "Preparing Chairs for our upcoming HabsMUN Conference"
date = 2025-03-05T00:00:00Z
draft = false
description = "Here's how we are preparing HabsMUN Chairs for our upcoming conference."
image = "/images/habs_rrsimun.jpeg"
+++

**With the conference just over a week away, our chairs have been busy preparing.**

With HabsMUN 2026 on the horizon, Habs Chairs have been reviewing their procedure and fine-tuning their communication skills to prepare for the upcoming conference.

Chairs have reviewed the THIMUN-affiliated debate procedure, clarified what motions are allowed and those that are not, and had practice over the past few months chairing committees in our Habs MUN Club. Here at Habs, MUN Club is one of the school's biggest co-curricular activities, with over 130 students participating every single week. By reading through countless resolutions, and unpicking arguments: Habs chairs have got a well-rounded view of MUN procedure.

Secondly, chairs have been thinking carefully about different ways to effectively communicate to and manage committees in HabsMUN. Communication is key and is what sets apart a normal chair from an exceptional one. HabsMUN takes debating very seriously, but it's a tough balance to strike between a committee that has productive debate and one that has fun. So, in HabsMUN, we focus on high-energy debates - trying to get all delegates to contribute to debate in a productive manner!

Overall, preparation for the upcoming HabsMUN is well underway, with our chairs deeply looking forward to facilitating a productive and enjoyable committee!!

— *Ravjoth Brar, Year 12 Student and Head of MUN Club*
